# Warehouse-Architecture-Project
In this assignment, I designed and implemented the system that tracks activities for the small warehouse, using the following requirements.
1.	Adding clients, products and manufacturers. Note that deletion is not required. The ID for clients must be generated by the system.
2.	Adding/deleting a manufacturer to/from the supplier list for a particular product. The supply price must be stored for each product for each manufacturer. If a manufacturer provides a certain product, we say that the manufacturer is a supplier for the product.
3.	Keeping track of customer transactions. Whenever there is a transaction involving a customer, the system keeps a record. Each transaction has just a date, a descriptive string and an number (for a dollar amount).
4.	Accept an order from a customer. As was discussed earlier, each order has a set of products and an associated quantity for each one. The transaction must be recorded.
5.	Process an order from a customer. Each order has a set of products and an associated quantity for each one. The system creates an invoice that shows all the products and quantities that can be shipped at that time. The items that cannot be filled are waitlisted. Order Processing can be done immediately after the order is accepted or as a separate action at a later time.
6.	Keeping track of inventory. For each product we track the amount in stock, and the list of waitlisted orders for that product.
7.	Record an order placed with a manufacturer. (Extra credit; complete the rest of the operations first, and then add this keeping a separate folder.) The clerk provides a manufacturer name, productld, orderld and quantity. A record of this is maintained in the system.
8.	Generating an invoice. An invoice consists of a set of products with associated quantities and sale prices, and a total cost. Invoices result when customer orders are processed or when waitlisted items become available.
9.	Accept payment from a customer. As was discussed earlier, the payment amount is specified. The transaction must be recorded.
10.	Accept a shipment from a supplier. When the shipment is received waitlisted orders must be filled first, before inventory is updated. When the waitlisted orders are being filled, the system displays each one in turn, and the clerk answers Y/N. If the clerk answers Y, the
1
order is filled; otherwise the system moves to the next one until it either runs out of stock or reaches the end of the waitlist.
For extra credit. Note that the entire order may not be shipped in one lot; so the system must keep track of orders that have been partially filled, i.e., keep track of how much was ordered and how much has been received. The input is only the productld and the matching order may not be unique, and so the system must list the orders that match this Id, one by one, until the clerk answers Y. When listing the order, the manufacturer name, product name and quantity and orderld must be displayed. After the match is found, system asks the clerk for the quantity received and makes a record orthis:-fftheqrantitywxeceivedis too much (more than the quantity remaining on the order), it notifies the clerk and asks for the quantity that should be accepted. It then proceeds to process the the information as described earlier.
Without extra credit. No record of manufacturer orders is kept in the system. All we input is the productld and quantity and and the system processes the information as described earlier.
11.	Queries to be processed. The following queries must be handled:
•	List all transactions for a client.
•	List all manufacturers and their prices for a given product. 
•	List all clients who have an outstanding balance.
•	(For extra credit) List all outstanding manufacturer orders for a given product.
12.	Other miscellanea. As you build the system you will need some queries to verify that the system is behaving correctly. These should be added as required. Your overall submission will be evaluated for testability - whenever a transaction is done, it should be possible to easily query the system and verify that the appropriate changes were made.
